Hello dear friends with you Nikita
and now we will talk about the game boom beach
honestly say the game is getting now
popular and I played it even before
how she became mainstream and me not
reported by one of the subscribers and rights
asked to write on her review
I was a little late due to the fact that
I had exams I was preparing for one
there is a very terrible exam and just
there was no time at all not to play not
write a review and now I want
share your opinion about this game
what's good about her what's bad and worth
whether to play a game at all from one of
top supercell developers and
initially she went out only to the NPP and
the most important and wealth is that
Well, you can tell the schedule a little higher
average but very high here
permissions detail and then you can see
very close picture that is
if you take a huge amount there
rivals the same there for example paradise
island or some whelps
which I have already reviewed earlier not much
Millions and booms are already playing
the scourge will be hard to lure onto your
players side out however if
here it is possible to bring very close
observe how people build something they
fighting shoot and so on and at the same time
there are no pixels
I really liked it though
there are no graphics there on some
extreme john or something like that but all
Equally cool done drawn
the only thing that disappointed me was that
time becomes very well
long built and in the sense that their
need to wait there for hours
improvement there are two numbers 3 hours then and i
I think that further comes to 24 hours as
it was in pro Islam days and that pleases
the fact that here is very fast
crystals are earned
These crystals donat on I can currency
zadonat and wait for nothing
build everything instantly there exchange for
wood or gold and so on or else
just make achivki ie build
dofiga buildings clip look at the list
These ochilov can be a lot of those
Crystalline earn initially or
given 50 I got them to 110 and in the end
I spent them and now I have 58 left
they are recruited quickly enough
equal to spend them wisely in general
This is the usual page in which
initially you will learn to play
develop there look at the top and so
further win on other islands
ready and then when you are more or less
evolve you can attacks already on
other people i like these games but
only sown and already again
only one more disadvantage and
which damn well I don't know some games
really annoying here
permanent internet connection then
there is no internet in it not to play
if you're somewhere in the subway or
just somewhere outside the city is not all
will play
well, is it that everything is stored in the cloud it
of course everything pleases achivki everything is top and
there is something peculiar to any other
strategist here you can develop your
troops
build a building also improve buildings all
buildings open as they improve
headquarters chief and so on also people on
you are attacked well not immediately of course and then
the game is available for free there
advertising and everything is built in principle on
donatti which is not so he felt
sparing so the game is really me
I like you, I advise you to play it
link to it in the description
and I think this will end because
what's basically telling here
nothing ordinary poignant like all
the rest is the only thing here for the son
the texture is well drawn and everything as we
I do n’t know it’s nice done very cool
good optimization everything is smooth and beautiful
trees rough there are new islands
captures build and everything
subscribe to my channel put
like write comments
who tried to play this game to whom it is
liked to coin what do you think
about online strategist type paradise kiss
land
or this one here you play it or not
or do you prefer to race like me
is there anything action subscribe to
me on twitter and instagram
add to facebook go to my
new site until new meetings bye